amongst the Sea of tents in the city of
Rafa lies one with a queue of people
waiting to be seen A group of volunteer
doctors and nurses who fled the Israeli
bombardment in conun have set up a
makeshift Clinic they call themselves
the medai
team no appointments are needed and
there's no office hours they're here to
help for as long as it
takes this tent is more or less like an
outpatient clinic and the medicines are
free for the sick people we are trying
to prepare the next door tent to be
ready for emergencies we also provide
psychological support and therapeutic
nutrition we try very hard to provide
medicines for chronic
diseases the medical team are ready 24
hours a day 7 days a
week their equipment is basic and
depleted as they tend to an Ever growing
list of
patients here we treat children women
and elderly people who live intense in
this Camp every day we deal with more
than 200 sick people the numbers of sick
people are increasing here we need solar
energy to operate certain devices and we
also need more
medicine conditions in this Camp
continue to worsen but many here value
the proximity of being so close to
volunteers who put their health and
well-being
first when our children get sick we
bring them to this medical point to be
treated the other medical point is very
far away we are very grateful to this
medical team who's helping us and
treating our children we all hope to go
back to our areas and neighborhoods to
our houses in Gaza Allah will help
us in the face of death and despair the
Medics say they'll continue to provide
unwavering life-saving treatment until
they can one day return home or until
their last breath ran Al
to make sure to subscribe to our Channel
to get the latest news from Al
jazer